Add support for specifying a schema file when using the CLP package (#130)
y-scope/clp: components/package-template/src/README.md

### Configuration

* If necessary,  you can uncomment and modify any configurations in
  `etc/clp-config.yml`
  * You can use a configuration file at a different location, but you will need
    to pass the location to any CLP command you run
    (`sbin/<command> --config <file path>`).

> * You can use schema file to specify the delimiters and variable patterns for
>   compressing and searching logs.
>   * To apply the customized schema, you need to specify all the patterns in
>     `etc/clp-schema.txt`. 
> 
>   A template schema file with some example patterns is given as `etc/clp-schema.template.txt`.
>   Check [this page](https://github.com/y-scope/clp/blob/main/components/core/README-Schema.md) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To specify the delimiters and variables patterns that should be used to
  compress and search logs, you can place a schema file at `etc/clp-schema.txt`
  * A template schema file with some example patterns is at
    `etc/clp-schema.template.txt`. The syntax of the schema file is described
    [here](https://github.com/y-scope/clp/blob/main/components/core/README-Schema.md).
  * If no schema file is found, CLP uses its default schemas.
```

### ModuleNotFoundError

> **Error message**: ``ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'dataclasses'``

Reviewer: Can remove one more set of backticks.
